there are a number of resource is that I think I could list off. I'll
name just a couple now. Wide for War is a book by Peter Singer. It kind
of gives you an idea of the technology aspect of the military and
where things are likely going to be going. Um, and that's especially
important the aviation community, because we think of aviation's
like the persons in a cockpit flying. But things were moving away from
that, albeit slowly. Pretty soon, we're gonna have you're gonna have
drones flying off carriers that will be responsible for refueling
jet aircraft. And that's what we've already seen that with the MQ
25 stingray I flew drones and drones fly off ships routinely. Now, though,
you know it's still slowly developing. So the romanticized view
of being an aviator is certainly changing. Another good book that
I have really liked and then offered a lot of perspective that's not
specific specific towards the military is called Thinking Fast and
slow by Daniel Kahneman. It's kind of a dense read, but it is very
good. It gives you an idea of how people think, uh, why they think the
way they do and essentially just breaks down that we'll have intuition
and most the time. It's wrong, which is somewhat disconcerting
in some respects. But it allows you to question yourself. There's nothing
wrong with, and it's nothing wrong with question yourself may
allow. It kind of gives you an idea of Maybe I should think a little
harder. Why, this is the way it is. I always thought of it is it helped
me not come to rash judgments as we're all want to do. In my opinion,
I also like various documentaries. One of my favorites is fairly
recent Ken Burns. Vietnam War is a tremendous documentary, like
any of his other work, but it gives you real perspective on things
that were going on during that period and perhaps helps you realize
that while there was a lot of animosity at that time, and, you know,
we think we've learned from that time perhaps things you know. Some
things are still still suspect, and we should be watching out for those
things. So those were just three resource is that of a ton that
I could think of regards of what I say read, read everything you get
hands on, and that will go a long way to helping you